in this video tutorial we will create a
walkthrough animation in which the end
result will look like this
you
to create a path you could draw multiple
lines with the line tool and then join
them together with the make paths from
curve tool the easiest and quickest way
to create a path is with the polyline
path tool you may also want to use the
construction grid plug-in included with
su animate to help with your path
creation a polyline can be as short or
as long as you like
and after selecting a corner offset you
can begin creating the path each line
segment is joined by an arc based on the
corner offset
once a path is completed animation
attributes must be assigned to that path
you are automatically brought to the
animation path window once a path is
completed in this window you select the
group you want to animate on the path
since no other groups have been made
only the camera isn't an option in this
case we want to animate the camera along
the path to create a walkthrough
selecting the number of frames will
divide the path into how many scenes
will be created the more frames the
smoother the final animation will be
depending on the frame rate that has
chosen for the exported animation you
can calculate how many frames will be
needed to make the animation in
particular length
after positioning the path there are a
few things that should be done before
the scenes are created the animation
path can be left in the scenes but most
will probably want to hide the paths
that are made hiding the path must be
done before scenes are created and can
be done by simply putting the path on a
layer and hiding that layer next preview
the animation previewing the animation
allows the ability to see if there are
any mistakes in the path or animation
let's pretend there was a mistake in the
path instead of having to create the
path all over again the Edit path tool
can be used the Edit path tool allows
you to move line segments or arc points
in fact you may even want to create a
rough path completely on one plane and
then drag the line segments and arcs to
fit the animation
once you're satisfied with your preview
save the model the only way to undo the
scene creation process is to revert the
model back to the last time it was saved
the scenes will also not be created
unless you have saved the model when
scenes are being created su animate will
break every 200 scenes to give you the
option to continue or quit making scenes
once the scenes are created the
animation can be played in sketcher
through the view menu this animation
should look exactly like the preview
before scenes were created if you are
having problems with viewing your
animation
check that the settings are set to 0
scene transition and 0 scene delay to
export the animation select export
animation from the file menu before
saving check the animation export
options here you can select the
resolution size the aspect ratio the
frame rate and also codec and
anti-aliasing for quality
it should be noted that due to the
production software the animation you
are seeing now is not true to the smooth
frame rate you will see in your exported
animations